this is the Smith family mrs. Smith
always buys healthy beverages and glass
bottles for her children but carrying
crates of glass bottles to her apartment
is too strenuous for her in the long run
and her youngest child recently cut
himself on the shards of a broken bottle
so mrs. Smith is now looking for an
alternative without having to give up
the great tastes sometimes she feels
that beverages that aren't filled in
glass don't taste as fresh now there is
a new solution for mrs. Smith and all
beverage connoisseurs and freshness fans
fresh safe PE tea because mrs. Smith
wasn't the only one who has thought
about the problem the team at KHS plasma
X has also contemplated how to combine
the advantages of PE tea and glass
bottles in order to better protect
sensitive beverages in PE tea bottles
that's to say how to ensure freshness
and taste over a long period of time and
this is how it works
after the PE tea bottle has been moulded
an ultra thin layer of glass is applied
to the inside of the bottle in the
plasma X machine although the layer is
made of glass it cannot shatter or break
since it is inseparably bonded to the PE
tea the process has been in use for a
long time in the pharmaceutical industry
where the requirements for protecting
medication and bottles are particularly
stringent but fresh safe PE tea also
offers a lot of advantages to mrs. Smith
and everyone else who wants to enjoy
beverages in high quality PE tea bottles
the beverages are able to keep their
taste just like in glass bottles
since the beverages lose none of their
ingredients and are protected from
outside influences by
protective layer nothing gets out and
nothing gets in
even if mrs. Smith's beverage has been
standing around for a while
it tastes freshly bottled and the
bottles are 100% recyclable and can be
reprocessed into new PT bottles that
protects the environment in addition the
beverages look really good on the
shelves
since the bottles are crystal clear mrs.
Smith is excited no more lugging around
heavy bottles yet she still gets to
enjoy fresh juice on top of that the
need for band-aids due to cuts from
glass charts has gone down 100 percent
thanks to fresh safe PT by KHS PLAs max
in short fresh safe is as light as PE
tea and as good as glass the best of
both worlds
you